{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2511
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red35\green255\blue6;\red255\green255\blue11;
\red33\green255\blue255;\red253\green134\blue8;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c0\c100000\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c0;
\cssrgb\c0\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c100000\c60000\c0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat2\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat3\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat4\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww25480\viewh11680\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Required Packages:
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 Emora-stdm
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 Enum
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 Requests
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 Sportsreference.nba.schedule
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 Sportsreference.nba.roster
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 Json
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 Random
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 Nltk - nltk.download(\'91vader_lexicon\'92)
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 Required Jsons:
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 teams.json
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 trades.json
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 original_names.json
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 What we want to show off:\'a0
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	1.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Player specific rationale\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 	Our bot has two favorite players. Kawhi Leonard and Jimmy Butler. The bot is able to\'a0
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi960\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 respond to critiques which are specific to the two players. E.g. for Kawhi Leonard, that\'a0
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li960\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 he is injury prone, for Jimmy Butler that he has bad chemistry with other players
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 	
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	2.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Nicknames\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 	We can capture how people naturally talk about players which may include nicknames.\'a0\'a0
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li960\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 E.g. lbj for lebron james, aquaman for steven adams, or greek freak for Giannis Antetokounmpo
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0
\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	3.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Opinion on each different player changes (player rating macro)\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 	Our bot will have different opinions about different players. These are not hardcoded\'a0
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi960\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 beforehand but pull from the dataset about players and formulates an opinion based on\'a0
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li960\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 their stats. This also changes in relation to the context the opinion is being sought in e.g. overall opinion vs opinion of how the player will perform in playoffs. E.g. in conversation #1 our bot has a different opinion for Giannis Antetokounmpo vs Jordan McRae
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	4.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Engagement with users\'92 emotions even if sentence isn\'92t caught by ontology (sentiment analyzer)\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 	Bot will indicate to the user that we understand the sentiment of their opinion even if the\'a0
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li960\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 bot isn\'92t able to respond to their specific comment e.g. in conversation #1 we see the user is neutral about Isaiah Thomas
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 Sample conversation #1:\'a0
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 -greek freak is a player nickname
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 S: Hi I am NBA chatbot. The NBA season has been put on hold because of COVID-19.\'a0 If we had playoffs based off the current standings , which team do you think would win?
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 U: the bucks will win
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 S:\'a0 Why do you think the bucks will win?
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 U: they have \cb3 greek freak # nickname recognition
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 S:\'a0 \'a0 I see giannis antetokounmpo is having an exceptional season. Personally, I think Clippers will win because Kawhi Leonard is more clutch . Whats your opinion of Kawhi Leonard ?
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 U: he is \cb4 too fragile # specific rationale catch for Kawhi Leonard
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 S: Even though he is fragile\'a0 he always\'a0 overperforms\'a0 in playoffs. Anyways, I saw that Isaiah Thomas\'a0 from Washington Wizards went to LA Clippers . What are your thoughts about\'a0 Isaiah Thomas\'a0 ?
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 U: i dont have much thoughts
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 S: Okay, I can tell \cb5 youre pretty neutral\cb1  about Isaiah Thomas\'a0 . I dont think he is too terrible but he doesnt seem to have a huge impact to the game.\'a0 Do you think that trade influenced how the\'a0 LA Clippers\'a0 performed this season? \cb5 #Sentiment analyser used as fail-safe error handler for opinions
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 U: hes probably not going to affect
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 S: I agree, the trade was early in the season and he has not shown he was worth it . Do you think he will play a big role in getting the\'a0 LA Clippers to playoffs next year?
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 U: maybe
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 S: I do not think he will play a big role. I think he is past his prime. I am a little uncertain too. You can never account for randomness like injuries sidelining players.\'a0 do you want to chat about another trade ?
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 U: yes
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 S: Okay! I found a new trade news that says that Willie Cauley-Stein\'a0 from Golden State Warriors is going to Dallas Mavericks Does that sound interesting?
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 U: no
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 S: I found this other trade article. Jordan McRae\'a0 from Washington Wizards is going to Denver Nuggets
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 U: yes
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 S: Okay, then what do you think about Jordan McRae\'a0 ?
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 U: hes pretty good
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 S: So you think\'a0 Jordan McRae \'a0 is aight.\'a0 \cb6 As an unexperienced player, I think Jordan McRaeHe has been making stable contribution to the team even though his stats don't stand out.\cb1 And I think his contribution can get even better if playoff was to start.\'a0 Do you think that trade influenced how the\'a0 Denver Nuggets\'a0 performed this season? \cb6 # player evaluation can change with the players
\f1\fs24 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 Sample Conversation #2: a scenario where the user starts the conversation with i don\'92t know (represents a less engaged user)
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 S: Hi I am NBA chatbot. The NBA season has been shutdown because of COVID-19.\'a0 If we had playoffs today , which team do you think would win?
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 U: i dont know
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 S:\'a0 Its okay to be unsure. I think that the Clippers can win if we were to play today. Do you agree?
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 U: no
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 S: Oh thats interesting! Why do you think the Clippers will not win?
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 U: i heard they dont have good players
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 S: What... I actually dont agree with you when you say that the Clippers are not good . In addition, I also think that the Clippers will win because of\'a0 Kawhi Leonard .\'a0 What do you think of Kawhi Leonard ?
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 U: ive heard he has bad stamina
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 S: Hmm... I mean I hear you when you say Kawhi Leonard has bad stamina , but hes also extremely clutch! . Lets go back to the teams for now though. Earlier in the season I heard that Marcus Morris Sr.\'a0 from New York Knicks went to LA Clippers . What do you think about\'a0 Marcus Morris Sr.\'a0 ?
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 U: he has mediocre shooting
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 S: So you think\'a0 Marcus Morris Sr. \'a0 is bad.\'a0 As a veteran player, I think Marcus Morris had a stable career.He has been scoring really well making a good contribution to LA ClippersAnd I think his contribution can get even better if playoff was to start.\'a0 Do you think that trade influenced how the\'a0 LA Clippers\'a0 performed this season?
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 U: oh in that case yea
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 S: he was traded quite recently before covid shutdown so I am wondering if he will continue to perform as well as he has so far . Do you think he will play a big role in getting the\'a0 LA Clippers to playoffs next year?
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 U: sure
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 S: So you are excited to see him play next year.\'a0 I do not think he will play a big role. I think he is past his prime. would you like to chat about another trade ?
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 U: no
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 S: Okay, well in that case we can talk again later. Bye!
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 Sample conversation #3: conversation when user picks the clippers as their favorite
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 S: Hi I am NBA chatbot. The NBA season has been suspended because of COVID-19.\'a0 If we had playoffs right now , which team do you think would win?
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 U: the clippers
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 S:\'a0 Why do you think the clippers will win?
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 U: they have kawhi
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 S:\'a0 \'a0 I see kawhi leonard is having an exceptional season. Personally, I think Miami Heat will win because Jimmy Butler is more clutch . Whats your opinion of Jimmy Butler ?
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 U: he has bad chemistry with his team
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 S: You might think that he has bad chemistry but I think he always comes out clutch in playoffs. Speaking of playoffs, I heard that Isaiah Thomas\'a0 from Washington Wizards went to LA Clippers . What do you think about\'a0 Isaiah Thomas\'a0 ?
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 U: hes okay
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 S: So you think\'a0 Isaiah Thomas \'a0 is aight.\'a0 I dont think he is too terrible but he doesnt seem to have a huge impact to the game.\'a0 Do you think that trade influenced how the\'a0 LA Clippers\'a0 performed this season?
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 U: not really
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 S: actually though, i do not think he had enough time to impact the team because he was traded close to the covid shutdown . Do you think he will play a big role in getting the\'a0 LA Clippers to playoffs next year?
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 U: no
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 S: So you do not have high hopes\'a0 I do not think he will play a big role. I think he is past his prime. would you like to chat about another trade ?
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 U: yea sure
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 S: Okay! I found a new article that says that Gerald Green\'a0 from Houston Rockets is going to Denver Nuggets Does that sound interesting?
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 U: cool
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 S: Okay, then what do you think about Gerald Green\'a0 ?
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
}